feat: better in-app documentation (#417)
knocklabs/docs: content/in-app-ui/overview.mdx

## Why build in-app experiences on Knock?

- **Real-time ready.** Our in-app API comes ready with websocket support, no infrastructure setup required.
- **No data modeling required.** We handle all of the common cases for you: accurate badge counts, polymorphic notifications, read, seen and archive tracking, and much more.
- **Build holistic experiences.** Use the Knock workflow builder to create cross-channel notification experiences to power cases like "send to the in-app feed, if they don't see the feed message within 5 minutes then fallback to sending an email".
- **Complete APIs that are easy to use.** We take all of the heavy lifting out of building APIs to support common in-app notification experiences, like preferences and feeds.
- **Drop-in components.** We have components ready to help you get started with building in-app notification experiences in React.

> - **Fully customizable.** Want to build toasts instead of a feed? Want to build a full-page inbox experience? Need your notifications to match your style guide? It's easy to customize the experience by overriding styles, or components, or building your own headless UI using our lower-level primitives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fully customizable.** Whether you want to build a feed, toasts, a full-page inbox experience, or notifications that match your style guide, it's easy to customize the experience by overriding styles, or components, or building your own headless UI using our lower-level primitives.
```
We should avoid hypothetical questions IMO as it sounds a bit marketing-y

Reviewer: @cjbell should we include "Headless" in the bold part of this just to make it more discoverable? Feels like "headless" is a term that a lot of people are using for this so might be good to call that out more.

## Client SDKs available

We have the following SDKs available to use to build in-app notification experiences:

- [React (Web)](/in-app-ui/react/overview)
- [JS (Non-React Web)](/in-app-ui/javascript/overview)
- [React Native](/in-app-ui/react-native/overview)
- [Swift (iOS / macOS)](/in-app-ui/ios/overview)
- [Kotlin (Android)](/in-app-ui/android/overview)
- [Flutter (Android/iOS)](/in-app-ui/flutter/overview)

Under each client SDK, you'll find guides and references to help you get started.

## Pre-built UI components

If you use our [React SDK](/in-app-ui/react/overview) on the web, we provide pre-built UI components to:

- Show an in-app feed, either as a popover or as a full page experience.
- Easily integrate Slack authentication and channel selection to power Slack notifications.

> We also provide a full set of hooks to integrate your own UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We also provide a full set of React hooks to integrate your own UI.
```

## Going to production

You'll need to follow our checklist on [going to production](/getting-started/going-to-production) for any in-app notifications using Knock. Most importantly you'll need to [secure your requests to the Knock API for each user](/in-app-ui/security-and-authentication).

## Frequently asked questions

#### Can I have multiple in-app channels?

> Yes you can. By default Knock will create a single in-app channel for you but you can easily add additional in-app channels should you need to support multiple feeds or different types of in-app message experiences.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Yes you can. By default Knock will create a single in-app channel for you, but you can easily add additional in-app channels should you need to support multiple feeds or different types of in-app message experiences.
```

> Yes you can. By default Knock will create a single in-app channel for you but you can easily add additional in-app channels should you need to support multiple feeds or different types of in-app message experiences.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Yes, you can. By default Knock will create a single in-app channel for you but you can easily add additional in-app channels should you need to support multiple feeds or different types of in-app message experiences.
```

> #### Can I 'pin' or 'favorite' messages in the in-app feed

Reviewer: Here can we callout that they can use filters to produce this behavior? To me that is the right way to handle pinned messages: either put them in a priority tab within main notification center or use a separate in-app channel for announcements/changelogs.
